They said don't threaten me
I didn't expect this faint king to be quite strong
Dare to die innocent
Killing people in vain
Humph
Innocent
The big fish is the upper kingdom of the celestial dynasty
Command
How dare you call yourself the Son of Heaven in front of me
suicidal
This dim lord is still a bit extreme
Are you going to fight hard?
I have a million heroes
The entire contemporary era can break through Liaodong at any time
Directly approaching the Central Plains
Hey I'm a transmigrator
I will be afraid of you little devil
If you want to fight, I will fight
I have more than a thousand here
Prime Minister
Immediately send the national conscription to Liaodong
I'd like to see it
How many lives can be added to this pot?
I heard that the big fish march does not beat the people of the world like rubbing shoulders
Maybe it's not groundless.
If you are here to play tricks
Get out
I don't have time to play with you here
Have this time
I might as well spoil my queen and concubine
I've been thinking about that all day
Sure enough, it's a dancing lord
I heard that heavy rain can produce people in large numbers
There are tens of thousands of cultural and military talents
Today, on behalf of our country, we challenge Dayu
wait
Dare to fight as if